apps/docs-ui/pages/components/switch.mdx, before:

import { SwitchExample } from './../../src/examples/switch'
import { getLink } from './../../src/utils/routes'
import { NextSeo } from 'next-seo'

export const stylesLink = getLink('styles')

<NextSeo title="Switch" />

# @pikas-ui/switch

This package contains a switch component.

This library is based on [Radix Ui](https://www.radix-ui.com/).

## Getting Started

You need to install the <a href={stylesLink}>@pikas-ui/styles</a> package to use this package.

### Installation

With npm:

```
npm install @pikas-ui/switch
```

With yarn:

```
yarn add @pikas-ui/switch
```

With pnpm:

```
pnpm add @pikas-ui/switch
```

---

## Usage

### Switch

<SwitchExample />

```tsx
import { Switch } from `@pikas-ui/switch`

const Example: React.FC = () => {
  return (
    <Switch
      label="Switch label"
      id="switch"
    />
  )
}
```

#### Props

| Prop             | Description                                       | Type                                                               | Default  |
| :--------------- | :------------------------------------------------ | :----------------------------------------------------------------- | :------- |
| `id`             | The id of the switch.                             | `string`                                                           | `-`      |
| `label`          | The label of the switch.                          | `string`                                                           | `-`      |
| `name`           | The name of the switch.                           | `string`                                                           | `-`      |
| `fontSize`       | The font size of the switch.                      | `string`                                                           | `-`      |
| `textError`      | The text error of the switch.                     | `string`                                                           | `-`      |
| `onChange`       | The callback function when the switch is changed. | `(val: boolean) => void`                                           | `-`      |
| `defaultChecked` | The default checked value of the switch.          | `boolean`                                                          | `false`  |
| `css`            | The css of the switch.                            | `SwitchCSS`                                                        | `-`      |
| `disabled`       | The disabled value of the switch.                 | `boolean`                                                          | `false`  |
| `side`           | The side of the switch.                           | `'left' or 'right'`                                                | `'left'` |
| `Icons`          | The icons of the switch.                          | `{ checked: React.FC<IconProps>, unchecked: React.FC<IconProps> }` | `-`      |

Commit message:

fix: toast styles and switch HTML button props

apps/docs-ui/pages/components/switch.mdx, after:

import { SwitchExample } from './../../src/examples/switch'
import { getLink } from './../../src/utils/routes'
import { NextSeo } from 'next-seo'

export const stylesLink = getLink('styles')

<NextSeo title="Switch" />

# @pikas-ui/switch

This package contains a switch component.

This library is based on [Radix Ui](https://www.radix-ui.com/).

## Getting Started

You need to install the <a href={stylesLink}>@pikas-ui/styles</a> package to use this package.

### Installation

With npm:

```
npm install @pikas-ui/switch
```

With yarn:

```
yarn add @pikas-ui/switch
```

With pnpm:

```
pnpm add @pikas-ui/switch
```

---

## Usage

### Switch

<SwitchExample />

```tsx
import { Switch } from `@pikas-ui/switch`

const Example: React.FC = () => {
  return (
    <Switch
      label="Switch label"
      id="switch"
    />
  )
}
```

#### Props

Props extends `ButtonHTMLAttributes<HTMLButtonElement>`

| Prop             | Description                                       | Type                                                               | Default  |
| :--------------- | :------------------------------------------------ | :----------------------------------------------------------------- | :------- |
| `id`             | The id of the switch.                             | `string`                                                           | `-`      |
| `label`          | The label of the switch.                          | `string`                                                           | `-`      |
| `name`           | The name of the switch.                           | `string`                                                           | `-`      |
| `fontSize`       | The font size of the switch.                      | `string`                                                           | `-`      |
| `textError`      | The text error of the switch.                     | `string`                                                           | `-`      |
| `onChange`       | The callback function when the switch is changed. | `(val: boolean) => void`                                           | `-`      |
| `defaultChecked` | The default checked value of the switch.          | `boolean`                                                          | `false`  |
| `css`            | The css of the switch.                            | `SwitchCSS`                                                        | `-`      |
| `disabled`       | The disabled value of the switch.                 | `boolean`                                                          | `false`  |
| `side`           | The side of the switch.                           | `"left' or 'right"`                                                | `"left"` |
| `Icons`          | The icons of the switch.                          | `{ checked: React.FC<IconProps>, unchecked: React.FC<IconProps> }` | `-`      |
