packages/textarea/README.md, before:

# @pikas-ui/textarea

This package contains a textarea component.

This library is based on [Radix Ui](https://www.radix-ui.com/).

## Getting Started

You need to install the [@pikas-ui/styles](../styles/README.md) package to use this package.

### Installation

With npm:

```
npm install @pikas-ui/textarea
```

With yarn:

```
yarn add @pikas-ui/textarea
```

With pnpm:

```
pnpm add @pikas-ui/textarea
```

---

## Usage

### Textarea
```tsx
import { Textarea } from `@pikas-ui/textarea`;

const Example: React.FC = () => {
  return <Textarea />
}
```

#### Props
Props extends `TextareaHTMLAttributes<HTMLTextAreaElement>`

| Prop                  | Description                                | Type                                                           | Default          |
| :-------------------- | :----------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------- | :--------------- |
| `label`               | The label of the textarea.                 | `string`                                                       | -                |
| `boxShadow`           | The box shadow of the textarea.            | `ShadowsType`                                                  | `"DIMINUTION_1"` |
| `borderRadius`        | The border radius of the textarea.         | `BorderRadiusType`                                             | `"md"`           |
| `padding`             | The padding of the textarea.               | `TextareaPaddingType`                                          | `"md"`           |
| `fontSize`            | The font size of the textarea.             | `FontsSizesType`                                               | `"EM-MEDIUM"`    |
| `color`               | The color of the textarea.                 | `ColorsType`                                                   | -                |
| `colorHex`            | The color hex of the textarea.             | `string`                                                       | -                |
| `placeholderColor`    | The placeholder color of the textarea.     | `ColorsType`                                                   | -                |
| `placeholderColorHex` | The placeholder color hex of the textarea. | `string`                                                       | -                |
| `borderColor`         | The border color of the textarea.          | `ColorsType`                                                   | `"TRANSPARENT"`  |
| `borderColorHex`      | The border color hex of the textarea.      | `string`                                                       | -                |
| `borderWidth`         | The border width of the textarea.          | `number`                                                       | `0`              |
| `textError`           | The error text of the textarea.            | `string`                                                       | -                |
| `styles`              | The styles of the textarea.                | `{ container?: CSS, textareaContainer?: CSS, textarea?: CSS }` | -                |
| `outline`             | The outline of the textarea.               | `boolean`                                                      | `true`           |
| `resize`              | The resize of the textarea.                | `TextareaResizeType`                                           | `"none"`         |
| `description`         | The description of the textarea.           | `string`                                                       | -                |
| `width`               | The width of the textarea.                 | `string or number`                                             | `"100%"`         |
| `minWidth`            | The min width of the textarea.             | `string or number`                                             | -                |
| `maxWidth`            | The max width of the textarea.             | `string or number`                                             | `"100%"`         |
| `height`              | The height of the textarea.                | `string or number`                                             | `300px`          |
| `minHeight`           | The min height of the textarea.            | `string or number`                                             | -                |
| `maxHeight`           | The max height of the textarea.            | `string or number`                                             | -                |

---

### Change Log
You can find the change log [here](CHANGELOG.md).

Commit message:

Add required, info and infoStyles props

packages/textarea/README.md, after:

# @pikas-ui/textarea

This package contains a textarea component.

This library is based on [Radix Ui](https://www.radix-ui.com/).

## Getting Started

You need to install the [@pikas-ui/styles](../styles/README.md) package to use this package.

### Installation

With npm:

```
npm install @pikas-ui/textarea
```

With yarn:

```
yarn add @pikas-ui/textarea
```

With pnpm:

```
pnpm add @pikas-ui/textarea
```

---

## Usage

### Textarea
```tsx
import { Textarea } from `@pikas-ui/textarea`;

const Example: React.FC = () => {
  return <Textarea />
}
```

#### Props
Props extends `TextareaHTMLAttributes<HTMLTextAreaElement>`

| Prop                  | Description                                | Type                                                           | Default          |
| :-------------------- | :----------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------- | :--------------- |
| `label`               | The label of the textarea.                 | `string`                                                       | -                |
| `boxShadow`           | The box shadow of the textarea.            | `ShadowsType`                                                  | `"DIMINUTION_1"` |
| `borderRadius`        | The border radius of the textarea.         | `BorderRadiusType`                                             | `"md"`           |
| `padding`             | The padding of the textarea.               | `TextareaPaddingType`                                          | `"md"`           |
| `fontSize`            | The font size of the textarea.             | `FontsSizesType`                                               | `"EM-MEDIUM"`    |
| `color`               | The color of the textarea.                 | `ColorsType`                                                   | -                |
| `colorHex`            | The color hex of the textarea.             | `string`                                                       | -                |
| `placeholderColor`    | The placeholder color of the textarea.     | `ColorsType`                                                   | -                |
| `placeholderColorHex` | The placeholder color hex of the textarea. | `string`                                                       | -                |
| `borderColor`         | The border color of the textarea.          | `ColorsType`                                                   | `"TRANSPARENT"`  |
| `borderColorHex`      | The border color hex of the textarea.      | `string`                                                       | -                |
| `borderWidth`         | The border width of the textarea.          | `number`                                                       | `0`              |
| `textError`           | The error text of the textarea.            | `string`                                                       | -                |
| `styles`              | The styles of the textarea.                | `{ container?: CSS, textareaContainer?: CSS, textarea?: CSS }` | -                |
| `outline`             | The outline of the textarea.               | `boolean`                                                      | `true`           |
| `resize`              | The resize of the textarea.                | `TextareaResizeType`                                           | `"none"`         |
| `description`         | The description of the textarea.           | `string`                                                       | -                |
| `width`               | The width of the textarea.                 | `string or number`                                             | `"100%"`         |
| `minWidth`            | The min width of the textarea.             | `string or number`                                             | -                |
| `maxWidth`            | The max width of the textarea.             | `string or number`                                             | `"100%"`         |
| `height`              | The height of the textarea.                | `string or number`                                             | `300px`          |
| `minHeight`           | The min height of the textarea.            | `string or number`                                             | -                |
| `maxHeight`           | The max height of the textarea.            | `string or number`                                             | -                |
| `required`            | The required of the textarea.              | `boolean`                                                      | `false`          |
| `info`                | Add a info icon with a tooltip.            | `string`                                                       | -                |
| `infoStyles `         | The styles of the info icon.               | `TooltipStylesType`                                            | -                |

---

### Change Log
You can find the change log [here](CHANGELOG.md).
