apps/docs/pages/components/button.mdx, before:

import { ButtonExample } from './../../src/examples/button/button'
import { ButtonLinkExample } from './../../src/examples/button/buttonLink'
import { ButtonIconExample } from './../../src/examples/button/buttonIcon'
import { ButtonIconLinkExample } from './../../src/examples/button/buttonIconLink'
import { getLink } from './../../src/utils/routes'
import { NextSeo } from 'next-seo'

export const stylesLink = getLink('styles')

<NextSeo title="Button" />

# @pikas-ui/button

This package contains a button components.

## Getting Started

You need to install the <a href={stylesLink}>@pikas-ui/styles</a> package to use this package.

### Installation

With npm:

```
npm install @pikas-ui/button
```

With yarn:

```
yarn add @pikas-ui/button
```

With pnpm:

```
pnpm add @pikas-ui/button
```

---

## Usage

### Button

<ButtonExample />

```tsx
import { Button } from `@pikas-ui/button`;

const Example: React.FC = () => (
  <Button>Click me</Button>
)
```

#### Props

Props extends `ButtonHTMLAttributes<HTMLButtonElement>`

| Prop              | Description                                       | Type                      | Default                |
| :---------------- | :------------------------------------------------ | :------------------------ | :--------------------- |
| `children`        | The content of the button.                        | `React.ReactNode`         | -                      |
| `type`            | The type of the button.                           | `ButtonTargetType`        | `"button"`             |
| `color`           | The color of the button.                          | `ColorsType`              | `"PRIMARY"`            |
| `colorHex`        | The color of the button (hex).                    | `string`                  | -                      |
| `contentColor`    | The color of the content of the button.           | `ColorsType`              | -                      |
| `contentColorHex` | The color of the content of the button (hex).     | `string`                  | -                      |
| `styles`          | The style of the button.                          | `object`                  | -                      |
| `padding`         | The padding of the button.                        | `ButtonPaddingType`       | `"md"`                 |
| `loading`         | If the button is loading.                         | `boolean`                 | `false`                |
| `disabled`        | If the button is disabled.                        | `boolean`                 | `false`                |
| `borderRadius`    | The border radius of the button.                  | `BorderRadiusType`        | `"md"`                 |
| `fontSize`        | The font size of the button.                      | `FontsSizesType`          | `"EM-MEDIUM"`          |
| `textTransform`   | The text transform of the button.                 | `ButtonTextTransformType` | `"default"`            |
| `fontWeight`      | The font weight of the button.                    | `FontsWeightsType`        | `"NORMAL"`             |
| `effect`          | The effect of the button when hovered or clicked. | `ButtonEffectType`        | `"opacity"`            |
| `onClick`         | The function to call on click.                    | `function`                | -                      |
| `gap`             | The gap of the button.                            | `ButtonGapType`           | `"md"`                 |
| `LeftIcon`        | The left icon of the button.                      | `React.FC<IconProps>`     | -                      |
| `RightIcon`       | The right icon of the button.                     | `React.FC<IconProps>`     | -                      |
| `outlined`        | If the button is outlined.                        | `boolean`                 | `false`                |
| `borderWidth`     | The border width of the button.                   | `number`                  | `2`                    |
| `width`           | The width of the button.                          | `string or number`        | `"100%"`               |
| `maxWidth`        | The max width of the button.                      | `string or number`        | `"100%"`               |
| `minWidth`        | The min width of the button.                      | `string or number`        | -                      |
| `boxShadow`       | The box shadow of the button.                     | `ShadowsType or 'none'`   | `"ELEVATION_BOTTOM_1"` |

---

### ButtonLink

<ButtonLinkExample />

```tsx
import { ButtonLink } from `@pikas-ui/button`;

const Example: React.FC = () => (
  <ButtonLink href="#">Click me</ButtonLink>
)
```

#### Props

Props extends `AnchorHTMLAttributes<HTMLAnchorElement>`

| Prop              | Description                                       | Type                      | Default                |
| :---------------- | :------------------------------------------------ | :------------------------ | :--------------------- |
| `children`        | The content of the button.                        | `React.ReactNode`         | -                      |
| `color`           | The color of the button.                          | `ColorsType`              | `"PRIMARY"`            |
| `colorHex`        | The color of the button (hex).                    | `string`                  | -                      |
| `contentColor`    | The color of the content of the button.           | `ColorsType`              | -                      |
| `contentColorHex` | The color of the content of the button (hex).     | `string`                  | -                      |
| `styles`          | The style of the button.                          | `object`                  | -                      |
| `padding`         | The padding of the button.                        | `ButtonPaddingType`       | `"md"`                 |
| `loading`         | If the button is loading.                         | `boolean`                 | `false`                |
| `disabled`        | If the button is disabled.                        | `boolean`                 | `false`                |
| `borderRadius`    | The border radius of the button.                  | `BorderRadiusType`        | `"md"`                 |
| `fontSize`        | The font size of the button.                      | `FontsSizesType`          | `"EM-MEDIUM"`          |
| `textTransform`   | The text transform of the button.                 | `ButtonTextTransformType` | `"default"`            |
| `fontWeight`      | The font weight of the button.                    | `FontsWeightsType`        | `"NORMAL"`             |
| `effect`          | The effect of the button when hovered or clicked. | `ButtonEffectType`        | `"opacity"`            |
| `onClick`         | The function to call on click.                    | `function`                | -                      |
| `gap`             | The gap of the button.                            | `ButtonGapType`           | `"md"`                 |
| `href`            | The href of the button.                           | `string`                  | -                      |
| `LeftIcon`        | The left icon of the button.                      | `React.FC<IconProps>`     | -                      |
| `RightIcon`       | The right icon of the button.                     | `React.FC<IconProps>`     | -                      |
| `outlined`        | If the button is outlined.                        | `boolean`                 | `false`                |
| `borderWidth`     | The border width of the button.                   | `number`                  | `2`                    |
| `target`          | The target of the button.                         | `ButtonTargetType`        | `"_self"`              |
| `width`           | The width of the button.                          | `string or number`        | `"100%"`               |
| `maxWidth`        | The max width of the button.                      | `string or number`        | `"100%"`               |
| `minWidth`        | The min width of the button.                      | `string or number`        | -                      |
| `boxShadow`       | The box shadow of the button.                     | `ShadowsType or 'none'`   | `"ELEVATION_BOTTOM_1"` |

---

### ButtonIcon

<ButtonIconExample />

```tsx
import { ButtonIcon } from `@pikas-ui/button`;
import { IconProps, IconByName } from '@pikas-ui/icons'

const IconExample: React.FC<IconProps> = (props) => {
  return <IconByName {...props} name="bx:baguette" />
}

const Example: React.FC = () => (
  <ButtonIcon icon={IconExample} />
)
```

#### Props

Props extends `ButtonHTMLAttributes<HTMLButtonElement>`

| Prop              | Description                                       | Type                    | Default                |
| :---------------- | :------------------------------------------------ | :---------------------- | :--------------------- |
| `type`            | The type of the button.                           | `ButtonTargetType`      | `"button"`             |
| `color`           | The color of the button.                          | `ColorsType`            | `"PRIMARY"`            |
| `colorHex`        | The color of the button (hex).                    | `string`                | -                      |
| `contentColor`    | The color of the content of the button.           | `ColorsType`            | -                      |
| `contentColorHex` | The color of the content of the button (hex).     | `string`                | -                      |
| `styles`          | The style of the button.                          | `object`                | -                      |
| `padding`         | The padding of the button.                        | `ButtonPaddingType`     | `"md"`                 |
| `loading`         | If the button is loading.                         | `boolean`               | `false`                |
| `disabled`        | If the button is disabled.                        | `boolean`               | `false`                |
| `borderRadius`    | The border radius of the button.                  | `BorderRadiusType`      | `"md"`                 |
| `effect`          | The effect of the button when hovered or clicked. | `ButtonEffectType`      | `"opacity"`            |
| `onClick`         | The function to call on click.                    | `function`              | -                      |
| `outlined`        | If the button is outlined.                        | `boolean`               | `false`                |
| `borderWidth`     | The border width of the button.                   | `number`                | `2`                    |
| `size`            | The size of the button.                           | `SizesType`             | `6`                    |
| `boxShadow`       | The box shadow of the button.                     | `ShadowsType or 'none'` | `"ELEVATION_BOTTOM_1"` |

---

### ButtonIconLink

<ButtonIconLinkExample />

```tsx
import { ButtonIconLink } from `@pikas-ui/button`;
import { IconProps, IconByName } from '@pikas-ui/icons'

const IconExample: React.FC<IconProps> = (props) => {
  return <IconByName {...props} name="bx:baguette" />
}

const Example: React.FC = () => (
  <ButtonIconLink icon={IconExample} href="#" />
)
```

#### Props

Props extends `AnchorHTMLAttributes<HTMLAnchorElement>`

| Prop              | Description                                       | Type                    | Default                |
| :---------------- | :------------------------------------------------ | :---------------------- | :--------------------- |
| `color`           | The color of the button.                          | `ColorsType`            | `"PRIMARY"`            |
| `colorHex`        | The color of the button (hex).                    | `string`                | -                      |
| `contentColor`    | The color of the content of the button.           | `ColorsType`            | -                      |
| `contentColorHex` | The color of the content of the button (hex).     | `string`                | -                      |
| `styles`          | The style of the button.                          | `object`                | -                      |
| `padding`         | The padding of the button.                        | `ButtonPaddingType`     | `"md"`                 |
| `loading`         | If the button is loading.                         | `boolean`               | `false`                |
| `disabled`        | If the button is disabled.                        | `boolean`               | `false`                |
| `borderRadius`    | The border radius of the button.                  | `BorderRadiusType`      | `"md"`                 |
| `effect`          | The effect of the button when hovered or clicked. | `ButtonEffectType`      | `"opacity"`            |
| `onClick`         | The function to call on click.                    | `function`              | -                      |
| `href`            | The href of the button.                           | `string`                | -                      |
| `outlined`        | If the button is outlined.                        | `boolean`               | `false`                |
| `borderWidth`     | The border width of the button.                   | `number`                | `2`                    |
| `size`            | The size of the button.                           | `SizesType`             | `6`                    |
| `target`          | The target of the button.                         | `ButtonTargetType`      | `"_self"`              |
| `boxShadow`       | The box shadow of the button.                     | `ShadowsType or 'none'` | `"ELEVATION_BOTTOM_1"` |

Commit message:

Add title component and style to css

apps/docs/pages/components/button.mdx, after:

import { ButtonExample } from './../../src/examples/button/button'
import { ButtonLinkExample } from './../../src/examples/button/buttonLink'
import { ButtonIconExample } from './../../src/examples/button/buttonIcon'
import { ButtonIconLinkExample } from './../../src/examples/button/buttonIconLink'
import { getLink } from './../../src/utils/routes'
import { NextSeo } from 'next-seo'

export const stylesLink = getLink('styles')

<NextSeo title="Button" />

# @pikas-ui/button

This package contains a button components.

## Getting Started

You need to install the <a href={stylesLink}>@pikas-ui/styles</a> package to use this package.

### Installation

With npm:

```
npm install @pikas-ui/button
```

With yarn:

```
yarn add @pikas-ui/button
```

With pnpm:

```
pnpm add @pikas-ui/button
```

---

## Usage

### Button

<ButtonExample />

```tsx
import { Button } from `@pikas-ui/button`;

const Example: React.FC = () => (
  <Button>Click me</Button>
)
```

#### Props

Props extends `ButtonHTMLAttributes<HTMLButtonElement>`

| Prop              | Description                                       | Type                      | Default                |
| :---------------- | :------------------------------------------------ | :------------------------ | :--------------------- |
| `children`        | The content of the button.                        | `React.ReactNode`         | -                      |
| `type`            | The type of the button.                           | `ButtonTargetType`        | `"button"`             |
| `color`           | The color of the button.                          | `ColorsType`              | `"PRIMARY"`            |
| `colorHex`        | The color of the button (hex).                    | `string`                  | -                      |
| `contentColor`    | The color of the content of the button.           | `ColorsType`              | -                      |
| `contentColorHex` | The color of the content of the button (hex).     | `string`                  | -                      |
| `css`             | The css of the button.                            | `object`                  | -                      |
| `padding`         | The padding of the button.                        | `ButtonPaddingType`       | `"md"`                 |
| `loading`         | If the button is loading.                         | `boolean`                 | `false`                |
| `disabled`        | If the button is disabled.                        | `boolean`                 | `false`                |
| `borderRadius`    | The border radius of the button.                  | `BorderRadiusType`        | `"md"`                 |
| `fontSize`        | The font size of the button.                      | `FontsSizesType`          | `"EM-MEDIUM"`          |
| `textTransform`   | The text transform of the button.                 | `ButtonTextTransformType` | `"default"`            |
| `fontWeight`      | The font weight of the button.                    | `FontsWeightsType`        | `"NORMAL"`             |
| `effect`          | The effect of the button when hovered or clicked. | `ButtonEffectType`        | `"opacity"`            |
| `onClick`         | The function to call on click.                    | `function`                | -                      |
| `gap`             | The gap of the button.                            | `ButtonGapType`           | `"md"`                 |
| `LeftIcon`        | The left icon of the button.                      | `React.FC<IconProps>`     | -                      |
| `RightIcon`       | The right icon of the button.                     | `React.FC<IconProps>`     | -                      |
| `outlined`        | If the button is outlined.                        | `boolean`                 | `false`                |
| `borderWidth`     | The border width of the button.                   | `number`                  | `2`                    |
| `width`           | The width of the button.                          | `string or number`        | `"100%"`               |
| `maxWidth`        | The max width of the button.                      | `string or number`        | `"100%"`               |
| `minWidth`        | The min width of the button.                      | `string or number`        | -                      |
| `boxShadow`       | The box shadow of the button.                     | `ShadowsType or 'none'`   | `"ELEVATION_BOTTOM_1"` |

---

### ButtonLink

<ButtonLinkExample />

```tsx
import { ButtonLink } from `@pikas-ui/button`;

const Example: React.FC = () => (
  <ButtonLink href="#">Click me</ButtonLink>
)
```

#### Props

Props extends `AnchorHTMLAttributes<HTMLAnchorElement>`

| Prop              | Description                                       | Type                      | Default                |
| :---------------- | :------------------------------------------------ | :------------------------ | :--------------------- |
| `children`        | The content of the button.                        | `React.ReactNode`         | -                      |
| `color`           | The color of the button.                          | `ColorsType`              | `"PRIMARY"`            |
| `colorHex`        | The color of the button (hex).                    | `string`                  | -                      |
| `contentColor`    | The color of the content of the button.           | `ColorsType`              | -                      |
| `contentColorHex` | The color of the content of the button (hex).     | `string`                  | -                      |
| `css`             | The css of the button.                            | `object`                  | -                      |
| `padding`         | The padding of the button.                        | `ButtonPaddingType`       | `"md"`                 |
| `loading`         | If the button is loading.                         | `boolean`                 | `false`                |
| `disabled`        | If the button is disabled.                        | `boolean`                 | `false`                |
| `borderRadius`    | The border radius of the button.                  | `BorderRadiusType`        | `"md"`                 |
| `fontSize`        | The font size of the button.                      | `FontsSizesType`          | `"EM-MEDIUM"`          |
| `textTransform`   | The text transform of the button.                 | `ButtonTextTransformType` | `"default"`            |
| `fontWeight`      | The font weight of the button.                    | `FontsWeightsType`        | `"NORMAL"`             |
| `effect`          | The effect of the button when hovered or clicked. | `ButtonEffectType`        | `"opacity"`            |
| `onClick`         | The function to call on click.                    | `function`                | -                      |
| `gap`             | The gap of the button.                            | `ButtonGapType`           | `"md"`                 |
| `href`            | The href of the button.                           | `string`                  | -                      |
| `LeftIcon`        | The left icon of the button.                      | `React.FC<IconProps>`     | -                      |
| `RightIcon`       | The right icon of the button.                     | `React.FC<IconProps>`     | -                      |
| `outlined`        | If the button is outlined.                        | `boolean`                 | `false`                |
| `borderWidth`     | The border width of the button.                   | `number`                  | `2`                    |
| `target`          | The target of the button.                         | `ButtonTargetType`        | `"_self"`              |
| `width`           | The width of the button.                          | `string or number`        | `"100%"`               |
| `maxWidth`        | The max width of the button.                      | `string or number`        | `"100%"`               |
| `minWidth`        | The min width of the button.                      | `string or number`        | -                      |
| `boxShadow`       | The box shadow of the button.                     | `ShadowsType or 'none'`   | `"ELEVATION_BOTTOM_1"` |

---

### ButtonIcon

<ButtonIconExample />

```tsx
import { ButtonIcon } from `@pikas-ui/button`;
import { IconProps, IconByName } from '@pikas-ui/icons'

const IconExample: React.FC<IconProps> = (props) => {
  return <IconByName {...props} name="bx:baguette" />
}

const Example: React.FC = () => (
  <ButtonIcon icon={IconExample} />
)
```

#### Props

Props extends `ButtonHTMLAttributes<HTMLButtonElement>`

| Prop              | Description                                       | Type                    | Default                |
| :---------------- | :------------------------------------------------ | :---------------------- | :--------------------- |
| `type`            | The type of the button.                           | `ButtonTargetType`      | `"button"`             |
| `color`           | The color of the button.                          | `ColorsType`            | `"PRIMARY"`            |
| `colorHex`        | The color of the button (hex).                    | `string`                | -                      |
| `contentColor`    | The color of the content of the button.           | `ColorsType`            | -                      |
| `contentColorHex` | The color of the content of the button (hex).     | `string`                | -                      |
| `css`             | The css of the button.                            | `object`                | -                      |
| `padding`         | The padding of the button.                        | `ButtonPaddingType`     | `"md"`                 |
| `loading`         | If the button is loading.                         | `boolean`               | `false`                |
| `disabled`        | If the button is disabled.                        | `boolean`               | `false`                |
| `borderRadius`    | The border radius of the button.                  | `BorderRadiusType`      | `"md"`                 |
| `effect`          | The effect of the button when hovered or clicked. | `ButtonEffectType`      | `"opacity"`            |
| `onClick`         | The function to call on click.                    | `function`              | -                      |
| `outlined`        | If the button is outlined.                        | `boolean`               | `false`                |
| `borderWidth`     | The border width of the button.                   | `number`                | `2`                    |
| `size`            | The size of the button.                           | `SizesType`             | `6`                    |
| `boxShadow`       | The box shadow of the button.                     | `ShadowsType or 'none'` | `"ELEVATION_BOTTOM_1"` |

---

### ButtonIconLink

<ButtonIconLinkExample />

```tsx
import { ButtonIconLink } from `@pikas-ui/button`;
import { IconProps, IconByName } from '@pikas-ui/icons'

const IconExample: React.FC<IconProps> = (props) => {
  return <IconByName {...props} name="bx:baguette" />
}

const Example: React.FC = () => (
  <ButtonIconLink icon={IconExample} href="#" />
)
```

#### Props

Props extends `AnchorHTMLAttributes<HTMLAnchorElement>`

| Prop              | Description                                       | Type                    | Default                |
| :---------------- | :------------------------------------------------ | :---------------------- | :--------------------- |
| `color`           | The color of the button.                          | `ColorsType`            | `"PRIMARY"`            |
| `colorHex`        | The color of the button (hex).                    | `string`                | -                      |
| `contentColor`    | The color of the content of the button.           | `ColorsType`            | -                      |
| `contentColorHex` | The color of the content of the button (hex).     | `string`                | -                      |
| `css`             | The css of the button.                            | `object`                | -                      |
| `padding`         | The padding of the button.                        | `ButtonPaddingType`     | `"md"`                 |
| `loading`         | If the button is loading.                         | `boolean`               | `false`                |
| `disabled`        | If the button is disabled.                        | `boolean`               | `false`                |
| `borderRadius`    | The border radius of the button.                  | `BorderRadiusType`      | `"md"`                 |
| `effect`          | The effect of the button when hovered or clicked. | `ButtonEffectType`      | `"opacity"`            |
| `onClick`         | The function to call on click.                    | `function`              | -                      |
| `href`            | The href of the button.                           | `string`                | -                      |
| `outlined`        | If the button is outlined.                        | `boolean`               | `false`                |
| `borderWidth`     | The border width of the button.                   | `number`                | `2`                    |
| `size`            | The size of the button.                           | `SizesType`             | `6`                    |
| `target`          | The target of the button.                         | `ButtonTargetType`      | `"_self"`              |
| `boxShadow`       | The box shadow of the button.                     | `ShadowsType or 'none'` | `"ELEVATION_BOTTOM_1"` |
