packages/textfield/README.md, before:

# @pikas-ui/textfield

This package contains a textfield component.

This library is based on [Radix Ui](https://www.radix-ui.com/).

## Getting Started

You need to install the [@pikas-ui/styles](../styles/README.md) package to use this package.

### Installation

With npm:

```
npm install @pikas-ui/textfield
```

With yarn:

```
yarn add @pikas-ui/textfield
```

With pnpm:

```
pnpm add @pikas-ui/textfield
```

---

## Usage

### Textfield
```tsx
import { Textfield } from `@pikas-ui/textfield`;

const Example: React.FC = () => {
  return <Textfield />
}
```

#### Props
Props extends `InputHTMLAttributes<HTMLInputElement>`

| Prop                  | Description                                 | Type                                                     | Default             |
| :-------------------- | :------------------------------------------ | :------------------------------------------------------- | :------------------ |
| `type`                | The type of the textfield.                  | `TextfieldTypeType`                                      | `"text"`            |
| `label`               | The label of the textfield.                 | `string`                                                 | -                   |
| `boxShadow`           | The box shadow of the textfield.            | `ShadowsType`                                            | `"DIMINUTION_1"`    |
| `borderRadius`        | The border radius of the textfield.         | `BorderRadiusType`                                       | `"md"`              |
| `padding`             | The padding of the textfield.               | `TextfieldPaddingType`                                   | `"md"`              |
| `gap`                 | The gap of the textfield.                   | `TextfieldGapType`                                       | -                   |
| `fontSize`            | The font size of the textfield.             | `FontsSizesType`                                         | `"EM-MEDIUM"`       |
| `color`               | The color of the textfield.                 | `ColorsType`                                             | -                   |
| `colorHex`            | The color hex of the textfield.             | `string`                                                 | -                   |
| `placeholderColor`    | The placeholder color of the textfield.     | `ColorsType`                                             | -                   |
| `placeholderColorHex` | The placeholder color hex of the textfield. | `string`                                                 | -                   |
| `borderColor`         | The border color of the textfield.          | `ColorsType`                                             | `"TRANSPARENT"`     |
| `borderColorHex`      | The border color hex of the textfield.      | `string`                                                 | -                   |
| `borderWidth`         | The border width of the textfield.          | `number`                                                 | `0`                 |
| `backgroundColor`     | The background color of the textfield.      | `ColorsType`                                             | `"GRAY_LIGHTEST_1"` |
| `backgroundColorHex`  | The background color hex of the textfield.  | `string`                                                 | -                   |
| `textError`           | The error text of the textfield.            | `string`                                                 | -                   |
| `onChange`            | The onChange event of the textfield.        | `(e: React.ChangeEvent<HTMLInputElement>) => void`       | -                   |
| `defaultValue`        | The default value of the textfield.         | `string`                                                 | -                   |
| `autoComplete`        | The autoComplete of the textfield.          | `string`                                                 | -                   |
| `LeftIcon`            | The left icon of the textfield.             | `React.FC<IconProps>`                                    | -                   |
| `RightIcon`           | The right icon of the textfield.            | `React.FC<IconProps>`                                    | -                   |
| `leftChildren`        | The left children of the textfield.         | `React.ReactNode`                                        | -                   |
| `rightChildren`       | The right children of the textfield.        | `React.ReactNode`                                        | -                   |
| `styles`              | The styles of the textfield.                | `{ container?: CSS, inputContainer?: CSS, input?: CSS }` | -                   |
| `outline`             | The outline of the textfield.               | `boolean`                                                | `true`              |
| `description`         | The description of the textfield.           | `string`                                                 | -                   |
| `width`               | The width of the textfield.                 | `string or number`                                       | `"100%"`            |
| `maxWidth`            | The max width of the textfield.             | `string or number`                                       | `"100%"`            |
| `minWidth`            | The min width of the textfield.             | `string or number`                                       | -                   |
| `leftIconColor`       | The left icon color of the textfield.       | `ColorsType`                                             | -                   |
| `leftIconColorHex`    | The left icon color hex of the textfield.   | `string`                                                 | -                   |
| `rightIconColor`      | The right icon color of the textfield.      | `ColorsType`                                             | -                   |
| `rightIconColorHex`   | The right icon color hex of the textfield.  | `string`                                                 | -                   |
| `leftIconSize`        | The left icon size of the textfield.        | `number`                                                 | -                   |
| `rightIconSize`       | The right icon size of the textfield.       | `number`                                                 | -                   |

---

### Change Log
You can find the change log [here](CHANGELOG.md).

Commit message:

Add required, info and infoStyles props

packages/textfield/README.md, after:

# @pikas-ui/textfield

This package contains a textfield component.

This library is based on [Radix Ui](https://www.radix-ui.com/).

## Getting Started

You need to install the [@pikas-ui/styles](../styles/README.md) package to use this package.

### Installation

With npm:

```
npm install @pikas-ui/textfield
```

With yarn:

```
yarn add @pikas-ui/textfield
```

With pnpm:

```
pnpm add @pikas-ui/textfield
```

---

## Usage

### Textfield
```tsx
import { Textfield } from `@pikas-ui/textfield`;

const Example: React.FC = () => {
  return <Textfield />
}
```

#### Props
Props extends `InputHTMLAttributes<HTMLInputElement>`

| Prop                  | Description                                 | Type                                                     | Default             |
| :-------------------- | :------------------------------------------ | :------------------------------------------------------- | :------------------ |
| `type`                | The type of the textfield.                  | `TextfieldTypeType`                                      | `"text"`            |
| `label`               | The label of the textfield.                 | `string`                                                 | -                   |
| `boxShadow`           | The box shadow of the textfield.            | `ShadowsType`                                            | `"DIMINUTION_1"`    |
| `borderRadius`        | The border radius of the textfield.         | `BorderRadiusType`                                       | `"md"`              |
| `padding`             | The padding of the textfield.               | `TextfieldPaddingType`                                   | `"md"`              |
| `gap`                 | The gap of the textfield.                   | `TextfieldGapType`                                       | -                   |
| `fontSize`            | The font size of the textfield.             | `FontsSizesType`                                         | `"EM-MEDIUM"`       |
| `color`               | The color of the textfield.                 | `ColorsType`                                             | -                   |
| `colorHex`            | The color hex of the textfield.             | `string`                                                 | -                   |
| `placeholderColor`    | The placeholder color of the textfield.     | `ColorsType`                                             | -                   |
| `placeholderColorHex` | The placeholder color hex of the textfield. | `string`                                                 | -                   |
| `borderColor`         | The border color of the textfield.          | `ColorsType`                                             | `"TRANSPARENT"`     |
| `borderColorHex`      | The border color hex of the textfield.      | `string`                                                 | -                   |
| `borderWidth`         | The border width of the textfield.          | `number`                                                 | `0`                 |
| `backgroundColor`     | The background color of the textfield.      | `ColorsType`                                             | `"GRAY_LIGHTEST_1"` |
| `backgroundColorHex`  | The background color hex of the textfield.  | `string`                                                 | -                   |
| `textError`           | The error text of the textfield.            | `string`                                                 | -                   |
| `onChange`            | The onChange event of the textfield.        | `(e: React.ChangeEvent<HTMLInputElement>) => void`       | -                   |
| `defaultValue`        | The default value of the textfield.         | `string`                                                 | -                   |
| `autoComplete`        | The autoComplete of the textfield.          | `string`                                                 | -                   |
| `LeftIcon`            | The left icon of the textfield.             | `React.FC<IconProps>`                                    | -                   |
| `RightIcon`           | The right icon of the textfield.            | `React.FC<IconProps>`                                    | -                   |
| `leftChildren`        | The left children of the textfield.         | `React.ReactNode`                                        | -                   |
| `rightChildren`       | The right children of the textfield.        | `React.ReactNode`                                        | -                   |
| `styles`              | The styles of the textfield.                | `{ container?: CSS, inputContainer?: CSS, input?: CSS }` | -                   |
| `outline`             | The outline of the textfield.               | `boolean`                                                | `true`              |
| `description`         | The description of the textfield.           | `string`                                                 | -                   |
| `width`               | The width of the textfield.                 | `string or number`                                       | `"100%"`            |
| `maxWidth`            | The max width of the textfield.             | `string or number`                                       | `"100%"`            |
| `minWidth`            | The min width of the textfield.             | `string or number`                                       | -                   |
| `leftIconColor`       | The left icon color of the textfield.       | `ColorsType`                                             | -                   |
| `leftIconColorHex`    | The left icon color hex of the textfield.   | `string`                                                 | -                   |
| `rightIconColor`      | The right icon color of the textfield.      | `ColorsType`                                             | -                   |
| `rightIconColorHex`   | The right icon color hex of the textfield.  | `string`                                                 | -                   |
| `leftIconSize`        | The left icon size of the textfield.        | `number`                                                 | -                   |
| `rightIconSize`       | The right icon size of the textfield.       | `number`                                                 | -                   |
| `required`            | The required of the textfield.              | `boolean`                                                | `false`             |
| `info`                | Add a info icon with a tooltip.             | `string`                                                 | -                   |
| `infoStyles `         | The styles of the info icon.                | `TooltipStylesType`                                      | -                   |

---

### Change Log
You can find the change log [here](CHANGELOG.md).
